Python Classes (#306)
dbos-inc/dbos-docs: docs/python/tutorials/classes.md

---
sidebar_position: 15

> title: Decorating Class Methods

Reviewer: "Class methods" can cause confusions here. Because it is a special term in Python. Can we change it to "Adding DBOS to Python Classes" or "Working with Python Classes"?

---

> You can add DBOS workflow, step, and transaction decorators to your Python class methods.

Reviewer: Again, the use of "class methods" is ambiguous here... We can say "You can use DBOS decorators to functions defined in Python classes".

> To add DBOS decorators to a Python class, the class must inherit from `DBOSConfiguredInstance` and must be decorated with `@DBOS.dbos_class`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To add DBOS decorators to Python class instance methods, the class must inherit from `DBOSConfiguredInstance` and must be decorated with `@DBOS.dbos_class`.
```
